First Love Center.
Give four people a high five and tell them you are welcome.
And it's good to see you.
Amen.
For the last couple of weeks, we've been blessed with many are called, but the youth are chosen.
Everybody say the youth are chosen.
Many are called.
I can't hear you first.
And I don't know what God has for us today, but my life has been transformed by the instruction from the Lord through His servant, the prophet.
And I believe your life is about to change.
If this is your first time in the first love center, you didn't come for a service, you came for an experience.
And by the time God is done with you, your life will be turned upside down and your life will never be the same again.
And if you're ready for the word of God, if you're ready to hear the oracle of God, if you're ready for your miracle, lift up your right hand and declare.
Nothing is impossible when you put your trust in God.
Nothing is impossible when your trust in His word.
Maybe being too hard for me
Father, thank you for the blessing we have today in your house.
We are excited to be here.
In Jesus' name, amen.
You may be seated.
Are you glad to be in church?
Amen.
Psalm 20.
I want us to pray a little.
Verse one.
The Lord hear thee in the day of trouble.
The name of the God of Jacob defend thee.
Send thee help from the sanctuary and strengthen thee out of Zion.
Stand to your feet please.
We are praying that the Lord hear thee in the day of trouble.
In the name of the God of Jacob, defend thee.
I want us to lift our hands to the Lord and let us pray concerning the day of trouble.
Maybe you are not in a day of trouble as I speak.
But the Bible speaks of the evil days.
Let us begin to pray against the day of trouble that even in the day of trouble, the Lord should save and defend and hear every prayer and every day of trouble.
or difficulty.
Yes.
That shall arise in your life.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Everybody pray.
La Rufa no San Brente Castellón, Jovenel Lesto, Palo Lugue, Tesmen Funo, Rara Rancanto, Panchante, Ramoniga, Lara Vientene, Mesulam, Ramina Pistale, Deleminano, Joria Baradia, Conta, Pendelimosa, La Manakiro, Tolomaniva, Zambara Manamanda, Sembo, Palaniyama, Magigate, Molosa, Papá, Ratamien Velemo, Retemina Papá, La Mimosa, Velege, Germia, Telina,
I look to him.
Man geni mi cambole, man geni mi cabalamino, le venedi e sola, rami fantanimo, me impene che sola, li fra di assambe, e ince ne mi fanda, la romi castona, le ben dalube, le soe di castamane, li puto anamaye, le soe fre che stemma, man pantanune, ne che tu l'amai, l'acisto, le che lica, aso la vida, valomanate, le gemene bella sumantane, i patuami ne chete, le venetuse,
Manjubhavanda.
Ephesians chapter six verse twelve for we wrestle not against flesh and blood but against
against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.
Amen.
Verse 13.
Wherefore, take unto you the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day.
and having done all to stand.
So there are evil days.
There's something like evil day.
Yeah.
You know, Christians don't want to accept these realities.
There is something called an evil day.
That's what some was also saying in the day of trouble.
Lift your hand.
You will be standing before, during,
and after the evil day.
Declare and raffle.
La Valo, Sejolo, Sejpala, Piapala-Mucha, Celemrigando.
Y'fina masa, itolomoni affiande, po' con cicantanimo, li' brandone che sembre de velamolo o monogiatos me fingla, ma di castola merigende, tento buonabiala, agioro nomossi, ducotala, biaromo, segreccola, ma gievenoma, salomambra, vireclos tomo, angeligloma, falaleando noma, ilivunica sora, arrasto mele lombra, giando l'homogigala, geluma saliante,
I don't know what I'm doing.
You are everything.
Yes.
Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda, Manchon Pong Konda,
Telemia, rata mi fan dele, le so mi tutuba, manche papa, le veletis, bro so pare dia, la poto nomo, sembre kesmela, cembele klimita, iaka paraviu, sovere risi, sovere dimikato, sovere ripo poto sofe lenica, le to monica le, manteno mon filamme, pantomino bane, riko pele lu, zoriba, cabone, fremino, mesmonca, manche minda, labrimande, temina momba,
Hallelujah.
Is everybody standing?
Everyone standing please.
Every standing.
The Bible says my house will be called the house of prayer.
Verse
the Lord send the help from the sanctuary and strengthen the out of Zion.
Zion represents the church in the house of God.
So we are saying Lord send help.
Send help.
How many realize that you can't make it without help?
You know, some of you have been helped one time.
There was a man of God and he had many churches.
He was very evangelistic and the Lord showed the prophet in a vision in heaven.
He showed him that someone
who had not even done much evangelism was more fruitful than this pastor who had all these churches and whatever.
And he said that the one who had those churches, he came from a good family and he had been in the church all his life.
And he had been delivered from so many things and he was just a Christian.
but this other guy had had nobody.
So you realize that some people have been helped and some people have not been helped.
You are going to be one of those that will be helped.
So when somebody who has been helped is standing by someone who has not been helped, there's no comparison.
So the Lord is teaching us today to pray for help.
the Lord send the help from the central, which are usually angels.
Lift your hands.
May the Lord send help now in your life.
Angelic activity begins to increase in and around you.
Right now, every demonic activity is terminated.
An angelic activity is activated.
Father, we release angelic activity.
We call for angelic interventions.
Angelic intervention.
Hell from the sanctuary.
Strength out of Zion.
Malacimbrone.
I don't know.
Mandolomo, Ronde, Manmo, Penme, Honba, Palme, Gelimo, Palimbe, Belenba, Salamino, Jelemejane, Hiroshova, Maramina, Tegere, Gisola, Mandolomo, Vemberena, Ayocos, Todomo, Vicarabalaya, Rejevila, Masane, Don Geniminicosa, Yabrando, Berenindo, Jelemenindo, Ramaminda, Sappoli, Nicasa, Ayogenemena, Sia, Rafa, Kigueso, Malagerinice, Melesheniminice,
Amen.
Oh, yes.
Everybody.
Help me lord.
No one can do well without help.
Oh, I'm telling you.
Come on.
When I was praying here, I realized that God sent somebody like Yungi Cho to help me.
Hmm.
I don't know anything.
And then he sends somebody to help me.
Yes.
To do something and to do well.
Jesus, help.
Help.
Sometimes God sends human beings into your life.
And that person will just decide to only help you.
I believe this.
Lift your hand.
Ask God for help.
Jesus, I ask you for help.
Any form of help.
Yes.
Spirit.
Intervention.
Yes.
Health.
Yachielo!
My God.
Go, go, go, go!
He will give it all in his heart.
Hallelujah.
You may be seated.
Are you with me?
Amen.
Now, the very next day, it says, remember all thy offerings and accept thy bent sacrifice.
How many won't go to remember your offerings?
Remember, you know, the devil is the one who makes you feel bad.
How many feel sinful?
Most of the time you feel sinful, isn't it?
But you see, the truth is that.
There are many good things you have done.
Many.
Yes.
And so the word of God is telling us to pray and say, remember all thy offerings and accept thy bent sacrifice.
So when the,
When the man, the centurion came, they said, look, this man is a good man.
He deserves a miracle.
There are many of us here, you deserve miracles.
And I want you to be confident in spite of your sins.
I'm not trying to minimize your mistakes, but I'm saying that don't let it weigh you down.
and feel like you are bad.
You have given offerings.
As you are here, it's an offering.
You are being fried in the heat.
It's a living sacrifice.
Are you not sweating?
Accept it as we are melting gradually.
Amen.
So, let us know, you know, one of the things I've learned is to be more confident when you are praying to God and say certain things to him.
Lord, remember, I've done this, I've done it.
And when you finish saying some of the things, just say, Lord, it's not that I'm trying to say that I'm perfect.
There are many things I haven't done, but I just want to remind you
What do you think?
Yes.
Acts 10, verse one.
Acts 10.
There was a certain man in Caesarea.
Now, one of the places we can go to in Israel is Caesarea.
Now, it's called Caesarea because it was named after Caesar.
Caesarea.
Yes, it was named after Caesar.
That's why it's called Caesarea.
And there was a Cornelius, a Centurion, okay?
Now, verse two.
A devout man, he gave much arms to the people.
Do you see?
And pray to God always.
Verse three.
And he saw in a vision, evidently, about the ninth hour.
the angel of God coming into him and saying, Cornelius, what did the angel say?
Cornelius, when he looked, he was afraid and said, Lord, he says, thy prayers and thine arms, thy prayers and your arms or your gifts and offerings have come up for a memorial before God.
Now I don't know if at our airport we still have the statue of Kotoka.
Is it still there?
It's gone?
Okay.
But I used to go and stand by that statue of Kotoka and read what was written there.
It was quite an intriguing statue.
I saw him standing as a soldier and it was like the airport was named after him.
Somebody who overthrew the government.
So I used to stand there and look at this statue and read about him.
And I asked questions how he was killed around the airport or, I think he was killed around the airport or so.
From the Flagstaff house they were fighting and that's where he died.
He's one of the generals of the army.
Are you with me?
It came to my mind.
That is why it's called a memorial.
It reminds you of the person, makes you think about the person.
Now your prayers remind God about you and make God think about you.
Wow.
And your offerings have the same effect.
Your offerings are just like that.
So that's why you can mention them.
Not that you want to be proud or presumptuous.
But you have to, when will you say, if you like, don't say, you see, when you get to heaven, you wish you had prayed certain prayers.
Yeah, but I said, I don't know which other opportunity you have to say such things to God.
When you get to heaven, you'll be there with him, and there'll be nothing to pray about.
Just praises.
That's how you just be doing praises.
So now, Terry, ask God to remember your prayer, and your prayers remind, always like that statue.
that statue was a memorial to this man and it brought him to my mind made me ask.
So, so that God asked questions.
So, who is this?
Is it the one who is?
Who is that person?
Oh, I hear a lot of they always her name comes up.
His name comes up.
Today your name is coming up in heaven.
Stand to your feet everybody.
Let us present our prayers, plenty prayers, offerings.
Lord, we are not praying for long today because today we have to end by three o'clock preaching and everything and it's already two thirty so make sure you pray very quickly and very hard.
Amen.
Lift your hand and just pray to the Lord.
Remember your offering so long.
We pray for you.
Hey, Masheepalabha!
She served the religious freedom.
When she's fresh, like a baby.
When she's sweet, like a woman.
He doesn't want to miss his clients.
Remember my gifts, Lord.
Remember my prayers, Lord.
Have mercy on me.
Send your help, O God.
Remember me, Lord.
Have mercy, Lord.
Have my life, Lord.
Have my life to improve, Lord.
It's all I'm in love with.
I'm in love with.
Everybody pray in the spirit, pray in the spirit.
Oye!
Hallelujah.
Verse four.
Yes.
In the name of our God.
We will set up our banners.
Yes.
May the Lord fulfill all your
Now I know, Rodeveka, that the Lord Saveth is anointed.
Do you have your anointing oil?
Where is the anointing oil?
Take anointing oil.
Sit down for a moment.
Look at what the scripture says.
I know that the Lord Saveth is anointed.
We are having an anointing service.
You are being anointed and the Lord saves His anointed.
The Lord saves His anointed.
Who has the oil?
I need to know.
I need to have answers.
You got it.
Beautiful.
Take a drop of the anointing oil.
Everybody say, I know.
Now I know.
Now I know that the Lord saved his anointed.
Wow.
You will not die suddenly.
You will not die unexpectedly.
You will not die prematurely.
The Lord is saving his anointed.
I know.
Now I know.
Now I know that the Lord saved his anointed.
He will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand.
Wow.
Can you imagine how great God is?
Is God great to you?
How many find God great?
I don't think you know how great God is.
Wow.
Take some of the oil, sit down, and put the oil on your hand, and now put some of the oil on your head, everybody.
If you don't have oil, it's too bad.
Next time.
I'm anointing myself, too.
Is the oil on me?
Has it come?
I don't feel it.
I feel the anointing.
Everybody stand up, stand up.
Now I know, everybody.
Yes.
Now I know.
Now I
save us from accidents, save us from disease, save us from tragedies, save us from bad news, save us by the power of God, save us from the devil, save us from temptation, save us from evil, save us from wickedness, for the whole world lies in wickedness, save us from the wickedness that is in the world, save your unholy by your strength, by the strength of your right hand,
I don't know what I'm saying.
Save our children.
Send the grown-ups.
By your right hand.
Now I know.
Let us know it.
Let us see it.
The chain has held my leg.
Let my leg be saved from that chain.
Whatever holder and Peter I have fallen into, lift me out because I know now that the Lord say that he's anointed.
Send mighty power.
Save the anointed.
Save you anointed.
Now listen.
Yes.
How many know that the devil wants to destroy you?
I know.
No, you understand the middle of the word destroy.
When the Bible says
The thief, hello, outside.
Hey, who is that in a yellow shirt?
Don't talk to anybody.
Hello?
Outside, please, I'm watching all of you.
There's a camera on you.
Listen.
Destroy.
Like to, I mean, to spoil your life.
That's the aim, the thief comes to kill, to destroy.
whatever has targeted you, whatever has directed him at you, whatever is looking for you, whatever is following you.
Today, by mercy and grace, the lord save it is anointed.
Lift your hand and call on God.
Save your anointed lord.
Save your anointed.
Save your anointed from being destroyed, from being
Don't let my fire go out!
Don't let my life be destroyed.
Save me with power, with mercy.
Whatever has targeted me, whatever is following me, whatever is chasing me, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
I am Panamia.
Yeah.
Listen, do you know why surprises are important?
Because most people are similar in strength.
So unless you have something that is a surprise.
A lot of things don't work.
My God.
Yes.
So it's something that you see that you fall in but you fell by surprise.
Like something you were not expecting really.
It has made you fall.
Whatever it is a kind of surprise.
In your life.
In my life.
Surprise.
For you.
For me.
Demonic surprise.
Satanic surprise.
Evil surprise.
Lift your hand to God.
from every type of surprise, sickness, diagnosis, accident, surprise temptation, surprise evil.
We don't realize it.
We want it.
We cast.
You wanna eat chips?
You wanna eat surprises?
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Hallelujah.
Yes.
Every threat.
Every intimidation.
Anything that threatens you.
Yes.
Anything that threatens your life.
Oh my god.
Lift your hand and say, Lord, I quest every quest against my life, my future.
in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus.
but we remember the name of the law.
The name of the law.
The name of the law
We don't trust our pastors.
We remember your name.
Your name, O God.
We don't trust in ourselves.
We look to you for praise, our help coming, our champion, our saviors, our deliverer, our helper, our rocker, our fortress.
Jehovah, come into our life of every child.
Save your children.
Remember Lord.
Remember us Lord.
Remember the offerings.
Remember the works, Lord.
Some trust in champions.
Some trust in horses.
But we trust you, Lord.
We trust ourselves to you, Lord.
Look at their trickling, sir.
Look at the threats, Lord.
Matamala.
Saint angels.
Thank you, Lord.
Revolutions.
Hey.
19.
Jesus.
Verse 17.
I saw.
Yes.
An angel.
Hey, Carlo Mane.
Standing inside the sun.
Rady Gevenosta.
Listen.
Hey.
If I had a football here.
Here man.
I will show you.
Does anybody lady have a bead?
Beads.
If you have a, your bead is too big.
This one.
Bring this one.
No.
Too quick.
Viva, let me see your beads.
Yeah.
These are beads.
Can you see the bead?
If these are beads, do you see the beads?
Yeah.
If I had a ball, a football.
Look, I see something behind you.
Is it under there, an orange ice chest?
Aha, you got a single bead.
I need a single bead.
Oh.
Stone.
Aha.
Give me that.
I'll use it as a ball.
Is it a basket?
No, no.
It's not.
It's too big.
A ball.
If this is the F. No, no.
I'm throwing a football.
Globe.
You have a globe.
Okay, somebody asked everything I tell you.
That's some people who have every solution.
Wow.
Thank God I'm not a ganago keeper.
Now, let's take this to be the sun.
Do you know the size of the F is this beat?
That's how big the sun is.
One million earths can go inside the sun.
It's very, very big.
So when an angel stands inside the sun, look at it.
I don't think we know who we are praying to God.
I don't think, do you see the bead?
Do you see the bead?
That's a bead.
Yeah, show my hand.
That's how small the earth is.
Very small like this, far from.
So you have Mercury here, Venus earth.
From earth to the sun is 93 million miles.
Hmm?
Kama Shapayana.
God is saving you in a mighty way.
from every threat in your life.
Lift your hand and thank God for his deliverance.
Thank God for his deliverance.
Thank you for your deliverance.
whatever makes you bend over.
I rebuke it in the name of Jesus.
Begin to stand upright in the spirit.
Save Lord.
Let the king hear us when we call.
Yes.
Everybody lift your hand and tell God.
Today, I'm going to be a man.
I'm going to be a man.
Zorakiyota, Chominimikai, Mentereristo, Rava Mikato, Rendemigalima, Manchon Palamia, Maramika Famino, Nombrendeniasema, Mitamiando, Merenigasse, Mojenemigava, Palaminonze, Rendemiga, Silamikatala, Mayamikatala, Rava Mikatala, Madinemikatala, Londienbre, Sindeboko, Cholemikale,
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I don't know.
Is that
You may be strong.
Hallelujah, sit down please for a moment.
Yes.
Wow.
What a blessing.
Now, God is intervening in your life.
Psalm 19.
The heavens declare the glory of the Lord, amen.
The firmament shows his handiwork.
Day and night, day and today, uttereth speech.
Night and tonight, soeth knowledge.
There is no speech, no language, where their voice is not heard.
Today, as we conclude our prayer, I want us to pray for, look at verse two again, for the spirit, day and today, uttered speech, night and night shows knowledge.
How many realize that there are things you don't know?
Yes.
And the more things you know,
It is amazing.
And I want you to really know that you serve a real God and a very great God.
God, the Bible says day and today uttered speech, which means that every day that comes and goes, it's a message.
And every night that comes and goes, it's a message.
And what does verse one say?
The heavens declare the glory of God.
And the firmament shows his handiwork.
God is great.
Amen.
Now God is so great that we don't even know how great he is.
Now as you see me here, am I moving?
Am I moving?
I'm moving.
I'm moving at top speed.
I should move when you see that I'm moving.
Do you know how fast I'm moving?
I'm moving so fast that you can't even believe.
And those of you, how many did physics, science students,
I mean, Matt, how many did a bit of Matt?
Huh?
How far are we from the sun?
Mrs. Joshua Mills, I hear it has been left to you.
How far?
We are, maybe you know, you don't know.
But I'm going to use that to help you.
Nobody should be angry with science, even if you are not good at it.
Don't be angry with science.
You are welcome.
Don't be annoyed when scientific things come up, okay?
There's nothing wrong with science, that you don't know much.
Okay, so we are 93 million miles from the sun.
How much is that in kilometers?
Let's use kilometers because we have more.
Okay, you can use your computer, check your phone.
I'm allowing you to use your phone.
As soon as we finish, you turn it, you put it off.
Calculate how much is 93 million miles in kilometers.
You know how many miles make a kilometer.
149.6 million kilometers from the Sun.
You see all these calculations I know you can't understand but 150 million miles from here where I'm standing to the Sun and We are going around the Sun Okay, so if we are going around the Sun and
What is the distance we are going around the sun, or what is the circumference?
Circumference is called 2 pi r. Do you remember?
So calculate 2 pi r. That's the circumference that the sun is going around.
Do the calculation, please.
Do you have a calculator if you have put it on?
2 times pi times r is the distance that we are going around the sun.
Is that also the distance, circumference?
2 times pi times r. How many science students are with me?
I know the science.
Oh, you mean all here are art students?
No, that's serious.
And science students are poorer than art students in the end.
What a shame.
Do you have a calculator on your screen?
Put it up.
Aha.
So 150 million, 50 million times 2 times 2 times pi.
Pi is 3.14, yes.
Is it equal to how much?
This is the distance we are going around.
And we are going around this in
365 days, so divided by 365, quickly.
Divided by 365.
65, is equal to how much?
Two, whatever.
And then divided by 24, so that we know per hour.
Divided by per hour, is equal to what?
100, so our speed is, when we say kilometers, 40 kilometers per hour, is it not per hour?
40 kilometers per, 50 kilometers per, 60 kilometers per, 70, 80, 120 is fast, isn't it?
This is the speed, which as you see me standing here, this is the speed I'm moving at.
Yeah.
Now I know you can't believe it.
Look at it.
107 hours, roughly 110,000 kilometers per hour.
That's the speed I'm moving at.
But I can't see you moving.
You can't see me moving the same way when you are in an aeroplane.
The aeroplane is moving at 800 kilometers, 800 kilometers per hour.
And you can't see anything moving in the plane.
You can even drink tea.
And it's because the reason why you can't see any movement because everything is moving at the same time.
That's why you don't see anything moving.
Now, if the earth is to stop right now, I mean just the earth,
The winds, the wind, the atmosphere, the wind would suddenly blow at this speed and clear everybody.
So we are all moving, as we speak now, we are moving at top speed.
That's how come next year will come.
Otherwise next year will not come.
Yeah.
Oh, you are not understanding the calculation.
Yes.
So that's why you can hold a cup of tea in the car.
It's only when it breaks, the car moves that it will also move out of your hand.
Yes.
So if the earth is stopped for any reason, then suddenly the whole atmosphere will move out.
Yeah.
So and that's the speed.
It's not a normal speed.
The speed that you are being like 80 kilometers, you say you are going fast.
Look at your real speed.
This is our speed.
107, 588 kilometers per hour.
Let's do the calculation again.
What's the distance from here to the sun?
Go back.
Put it back on.
150 million kilometers from here to the sun.
By the way, those of you who don't understand million, a million is a thousand thousand.
Okay, just remember that it's a thousand thousand.
No, is it not?
It's not quite simple.
I don't know who was your teacher, but maybe that is why that's why the whole thing looks difficult to you.
You get what I'm saying?
But it's quite simple.
Thousand thousand is a million.
Okay.
Now look at the calculation.
One from here to the sun and we are going around the sun.
Yes.
So how do you find the circumference of a circle?
It is 2 pi r. So this is the radius now, 150 million.
So this times 2.
Please put the formula there so that we can see 2 times pi times r. People don't know.
It's equal to circumference.
Circumference is equal to be 2 pi r. And area is pi r squared.
But circumference is just a formula.
You don't have to understand it.
Just know the formula.
And the number pi is 3.14.
That's all.
You don't have to understand everything.
Just understand the formula.
So 2 times pi times r is equal to the circumference.
So this is the r, the radius that we are going around from here to the sun.
That's the radius of the circle.
So this times 2 times pi is equal to the distance that will go around.
So do it.
Times 2.
That's the formula.
2.
This is r.
Are you getting it?
Art students, are you with me?
How many art students understand what I'm showing?
How many are not understanding?
How many don't understand it still?
Please.
Some people don't understand it still.
Let me start for the last time.
I'm saying that in a circle, okay?
From the middle to the end of the circle is called the radius.
The middle of the circle to the end of the circle is radius r. That's what's r. But if you want to calculate how long is the round?
The round part.
How long is the round part?
You multiply the radius times pi times 2.
It's a formula.
I don't understand it too, but that's the formula.
You don't understand formulas.
You use them.
It's like phone.
You don't understand it.
You use the phone.
Okay.
So this is the distance to the sun.
Back to 150 million.
150 million.
You understand.
So now we apply the formula to, this is the R from here to the sun is R times two times pi times two times two.
It's equal to what?
No, no.
Yes.
Okay.
Pi, look at pi, wait, don't press it.
This thing there, that symbol is called pi.
It's not like a normal word, a letter, but it means pi.
And that pi is equal to what is up there, pi, 3.1415926.
A clever person invented this formula.
If you multiply this times two times pi, you get the circumference of a circle.
So we just use it without thinking.
So look at it, so times 3.1, it's equal to how much?
So this is the circumference with this Earth, which you are sitting on in a crowd, is moving around the Sun.
Yeah, every year, it goes around one year, 31st December it has finished one.
So we are just about to finish another year.
Now, a planet like Venus is nearer the Sun.
So instead of taking 365 days,
I don't even know what I'm talking about because I'm going somewhere.
I have to, I have to finish quickly.
Venus takes two 25 days because it's shorter.
It's nearer.
So we take three, six, five days to go around.
They take two, two, five days to go around cause they are nearer.
So the cycle is smaller.
So a year, if you live in Venus, one year is two 25 days.
Do you understand?
They have shorter years.
Yes.
Are you with me?
Now this divided by 365 days because that's what takes us 365 days to do it.
It's how much?
2.0 something something plenty.
Then we want to find how much it is per hour because all our speed in our car is kilometers per hour.
So divided by 24 hours is equal to what?
Those who don't understand it, don't worry.
You understand it the next time.
When you listen to the message, you understand it.
100.
Now, apart from this, that we are going round.
As you see me here, it's like magic.
I'm moving.
It's almost unbelievable, isn't it?
It's shocking.
But that's the speed of the earth.
Now, apart from that, the earth that is going round is spinning.
Above on the earth is going around the sun.
It's spinning on its axis.
I don't want to use the word axis.
You may not understand.
So it's just turning around like this.
It turns around like this.
Around the pole.
It turns around.
And do you know how fast that one too is?
That one is twice the speed of a plane.
Most planes fly at 800.
So it's 1,600 kilometers at the equator.
Because we are faster here.
This is the equator, Temma is equator.
So we are faster here.
So we are also spinning this way at thousands, half of the speed of a plane.
So when it spins at 1,600 kilometers, it takes 24 hours and comes back to the same spot.
So we are turning this way at the speed of 1,000.
Your normal car will drive 80 kilometers, 100 kilometers.
It's 1,600.
So it's going this way.
And we are also moving this way at 110,000 kilometers.
and everything looks cool and stable.
If you don't understand, say God is great.
And if you understand, also say God is great.
Very, very great.
So this is the God you are praying to.
Huh?
He's a great God.
Very great.
He's a wonderful God.
A great God.
And you are asking him to help you.
Don't you think he can find your beloved?
I'm asking you.
Oh, I mean, it must be a small and God has set this thing in motion and it's been working.
I mean, can you imagine when you are in a jumbo jet and you are moving?
I mean, you can go to the
coffee tea, it will be stable like that.
Meanwhile, you are moving at one hours once on the Malaysian air, Malaysian air, we were moving at 1,050 to 1,100 kilometers per hour.
Yes, we were going at 1,000.
Yes.
Wow.
That's fantastic.
So if the earth stops, if God says, stop for one minute,
The whole atmosphere will just change.
So that is the God.
Aha, put it.
Circumference.
Put it up there.
Put it on the screen.
Good.
You wish to test your strength.
Put it on the screen.
Aha, very good.
Circumference is two times pi times r.
Wow.
So, we are going to pray.
How many realize that there are so many things you don't know?
Huh?
So, we are in a world we don't understand.
In the earth, we are on a small path and we are moving at top speed.
There is nothing stationary in the earth, in the world.
All the planets are moving at this kind of speed.
Yeah.
All the planets and the stars and everything is moving.
and we are in it.
And we feel proud too.
We feel big like I'm the lord of lords.
I'm the king.
I'm a powerful man.
I'm in charge of what?
You are in charge of nothing.
You are right and you are going to turn into powder.
You are nothing.
So, when God says I laugh at you, you are finished.
So, let's stand to our feet and pray for the spirit of knowledge.
This is our last prayer, spirit of
understanding, advice, God should advise us, give us counsel, give us understanding, give us knowledge, give us the spirit of wisdom and knowledge and understanding.
Yes.
Spirit of wisdom.
Spirit of knowledge.
Spirit of understanding.
Spirit of revelation.
Lay hands on your head.
Our foolishness.
Our pride should go out of you.
with knowledge.
Deliver us from pride.
Let your hand and pray for the spread of humility.
Humility.
Lord, make me like Christ.
Help me to be humble.
Deliver me from pride, from
Trying to be too big.
In the name of Jesus.
Give me the spirit of faith.
Happy to believe in you.
Happy to work with you.
Happy to follow you.
Give me the spirit of understanding.
Give me the spirit of knowing.
Happy to know what I don't know.
Things that are hidden from me.
Things that I don't know.
Save me from foolishness.
Save me from emptiness.
Save me from ignorance.
Save me from stupidity.
Save me from madness.
Save me from emptiness.
Save me from shallowness.
Oh God, deliver me from the folly of foolishness.
Yes.
Mataka Balorbala, Metro Ramadalama.
Deliver me from saboness.
Deliver me from emptiness.
Mataka Balorbala.
Oh Mataka Balorbala, Ramotash Balorbala.
Pray for your heart.
Oh, my God.
Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah
Let your hand and pray for the spirit of Christ.
Spirit of Christ.
Humility that you will be like Jesus.
Whatever is proud in you, Lord, take it out of me.
Take it out of me.
fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting,
fighting,
I want to be like Jesus.
Hallelujah.
No, we are going fast.
Very fast.
And we are going in two directions at the same time.
And you don't even know.
Pride is stupidity.
Lift your hand and say, Lord, save me from stupidness and foolishness and arguments, meetings that last for more than five minutes.
Oh God.
The people are made from stupidity, stupidity, stupidity.
Manta Randa, Leverados, Calanilla, Alonimacia, Manta Randa, Leverados, Calanilla, Alonimacia, Manta Randa, Leverados,
I am the president of the United States.
Oh, madam.
Holy hands.
Thank God for the Holy Spirit.
You are receiving the Spirit.
The Holy Spirit.
The Spirit of Christ.
The Spirit of humility.
The Spirit of loneliness.
The Spirit of Christ.
The Spirit of Jesus.
The Spirit of... That is not abroganta.
The Spirit that is not pastor.
The Spirit that is not stupid.
The spirit of lowliness, of mind, humility, man.
Tell them all.
Little hand and receiver.
Deliver from the spirit of satan.
The spirit of pride.
Oh yes.
Hallelujah.
How many of you realize that Satan was foolish to rebel against God?
Yeah, so you see pride is foolishness.
And that's why rebels end up in great difficulty because it's foolish to rebel against an authority that God has set and even God himself.
It will never happen to you.
Lift your hand and thank God now.
Father, thank you for this prayer time.
Thank you for saving us from weakness.
We don't even know where it comes from.
Lord, whatever is satanic in us, whatever is satanic in us, whatever nature we are exhibiting, that is demonic and satanic.
Lord, expand it from us today.
Take it out of us today.
Every form of bigness, every form of kathiness, every form of arrogance, every type of pride that is exhibited, that is manifested, that is showing forth in us, my God,
Thank you.
Thank you Lord.
Jesus.
Thank you.
Father, we give you thanks.
We give you thanks.
And we give you praise.
Now, we can't go without binding the devil.
and an anaconda swallows a whole human being.
Anything that has enveloped you.
For your whole life.
Today I see you are being vomited.
In the name of Jesus.
Lift your hand and bind anaconda spirit in your life.
Every type of separate.
Yes.
That's my whole life.
In the name of Jesus.
I find it.
I break it down.
I break it.
Go out!
I come out of you.
I escaped from you.
In the name of Jesus.
My God.
So,
Hallelujah.
Now, a cobra, you see, the Bible says that all happened and there are different types.
So, they have the cobra is the one that the the the neck becomes wide.
the Bible says behold, they are threatening.
Aye, aye, aye, aye.
Whatever threatens you.
What about threatening?
Do you know anything that is threatening?
Oh, yes.
It seems to be threatening you.
It's threatening your life.
Yes.
It's threatening your soul.
Threatening your calling.
Yes.
It's threatening.
We rebuke it today.
We rebuke its minimal Jesus.
Begin to find every type of cobra.
My God, my God, my God.
Threatlings that are every type of
Oh.
Whatever threatens, sir, whether it is poverty, whether it is in the country, whether it is a personality, whether it is a spirit, whatever threatens, what raises up his head to threaten you, to frighten you, to intimidate you, to threaten you.
Mataka Lama, Waitamakaya, Malibaba, Matokabaya, Himalaman Daribaba,
Yes.
Stump on the devil's head.
Stump on the.
You are finished.
You are finished in my life.
Jesus.
That intimidation.
that intimidation.
Now, yes, I saw something like a crab.
A crab can cause you some pain, but it will not kill you.
And how many would like to be in your bed and you see that there is a crab in you?
Would you be comfortable?
No.
Whatever represents a crab causing a discomfort.
a pain that is not killing you but it is disturbing you.
Professor.
Every disturbance
Mata Lekha Mata Lekha Mata Lekha Mata Lekha Mata Lekha
Oh, yes.
Yes.
is an atmosphere.
An atmosphere.
A negative atmosphere.
Discomforter.
Uncomfortableness.
Of threatening against your soul.
We come against it now.
We bind it today.
In the name of Jesus.
Yes.
We smash the crab.
We smash the frog.
Yes.
We smash every uncomfortable pain.
In the name of Jesus.
Have you seen a hippopotamus?
every stimulation.
Every stimulation.
Every arousal.
Yes.
Demonic arousal.
Demonic stimulation.
Yes.
They are quenching today.
In the name of Jesus.
Begin to cast them now in the name of every hippopotamus.
We bind it now in the name of Jesus.
Yes.
Rise up and pray.
against every type of condition.
Hallelujah.
Finally, one day, I saw a viper.
A viper, the name in Ghana is Unanka.
It means what?
Something that is slipping.
It slipped for a long time.
It's twice a year.
It's just lying there.
There's no food.
You go to intensive care.
You go to cardiorespiratory.
Resuscitation.
Everything that brings you to the brink of that is sleeping.
Today is the expiry of that danger.
Lift your hand and call condemnation on any nearby threats and nearby dangers of your life.
Yes.
In the name of Jesus.
Holy hands.
Give thanks.
Give thanks for a series of victories.
By 31st December.
Yeah.
Whatever threatens you.
Whatever threatens me.
It's ended.
In the name of Jesus.
By 31st December.
Oh yes.
What you prayed for.
It has come to pass.
By 31st December.
Prophesy.
Whatever stands as a mountain shall be moved.
It shall be moved.
By 31st December.
I prophesy.
Where there was forming there will be plenty.
Yes.
By the end of this
in the name of Jesus.
Yes.
In the name of Jesus.
I believe it.
A new day begins for you.
A new day begins.
Yes.
Raise your hand and thank God.
According to the word of the prophet.
According to the word of the lord.
Yes.
It shall come to pass.
You are crossing into the new year.
I'm crossing into the new year.
With good things.
Yes.
With deliverance in your hand.
With victory over sufferings.
Yes.
With victory over darkness.
With a series of victories.
The prophecy you believe is the prophecy you experience.
Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Jehovah Almighty.
We thank you, Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
Come on, lift your hand and thank Him.
The gods are heaven, yes, yes, yes!
You may be seated.
Our God is great.
Amen.
How many believe you are serving a really, really great God?
How many have seen God in a different way today?
Yeah.
Does anybody have a measuring tape here?
You had a football, but what about measuring tape?
I'm going to show you something even greater.
But you know, today I just have, but how many are enjoying the prayer time?
How many think the prayer time is helping you?
That's the preaching.
Don't have to be worried.
Yeah.
Yeah, come.
Okay, okay, no problem.
Look, I'm supposed to preach about many, no, I have one already.
How many feet is that?
I need a really long one.
I'm going to show you something, okay?
This is the sun.
Why do you want the sun?
Do you want the sun to be there?
How many want the sun to be there?
Who wants the earth?
I'm going to send the earth either here or there.
The sun should be here.
Okay.
Who is going to hold the sun?
Now, if the sun is the size of this,
ball, then take the F from me on top of there.
Measure from there.
Come, keep coming with feet.
I'll show you where the sun is and the F. If the sun is the size of the ball,
I'll show you where the earth is.
Yeah.
Keep measuring.
How many feet?
33 feet.
Keep coming.
So measure.
Stay the sun.
Lift your head up, sun.
Yes.
So this is the earth.
It's moving to 93 million miles from the sun.
Keep coming.
How many wish you had done science?
Those at the back, you don't wish you had done science.
But those who did science, they still don't know all these things.
How many feet is this?
66.
I want 93 feet.
Here.
So I need somebody to hold that.
This is the F. Do you see how, do you see how from the F the sun looks like a ball?
That's how when we look in the sun, you see that the sun looks like a ball.
This is 93 million miles.
And this is the whole of, this is the whole of the F. Like Africa is part Asia, everybody's in this.
That's the sun, okay?
Yes.
And then to the next one, which is Mars, is Feather.
It goes about 200, then 300, 400 feet to get to Jupiter.
Far will be at the house there.
And the sun becomes a small star.
Now there are some stars, which are like beetle juice.
There's a star called Bitul, the another one called Bellatrix.
Bitul juice is so big that it stretches from the sun and covers all the planets.
Yeah.
And it's as big as the whole of all the earth and the sun and up to Jupiter and beyond.
It's only one star.
Huh?
Yeah.
God is wow though.
At least of the earth so that we can see.
Yeah.
If anybody wants to come and stand here, you can stand and look at the sun.
You see, when you stand here, that's the size of the sun.
It's just a ball.
That's what the earth there is very small.
And the moon is just three inches from here.
So that's as far as human beings have gone is three inches from the earth like that.
That's the feathers human be here.
two or three inches from the F. That's the feathers that human travel has ever been.
We know nothing.
We are nothing.
And her?
Yeah.
So God is great.
So when you are praying to God, I don't think we know who we are praying to, who is hearing us.
I believe that every prayer we have prayed, God has heard it in Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
Please don't forget that God is great.
Amen.
Wow.
After church, you can bring your school fees.
Now, I really have to go because I have to predicate somebody's church in a
minutes.
So today is just why few seeds are chosen for five minutes.
How many are excited by already?
Few seeds are chosen.
Matthew 13.
Always remember the parables are Matthew 13 and Mark 4.
Okay, in case you are looking for it quickly.
Now, behold, a sower went forth to sow.
And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside.
And the fowls came and devoured them.
Some fell on stony places where they had not much eff.
Today is the last of these wife you are chosen.
So they had not much eff.
and they sprang up and they had no deepness of earth.
When the sun was up, they were scorched.
Some fell among stones, and the thorns sprang up and choked them.
Others fell on good ground and brought forth fruits, some hundredfold, some 60, and some 30. Who has ears?
Let Him hear.
Now, Jesus said, many prophets and righteous men desire to hear these words.
Now he said, when anyone heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then comeeth the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart.
And this is he which received seed by the wayside.
But he that received seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and are known with joy receiveth it.
Yet he hath not rooted himself, but endured for a while, when tribulation or persecution rises out of the word,
by and by he is offended.
And also he that received seed among the thorns is he that here at the word, the cares of this world, the deceitfulness of riches choked the word and he become unfruitful.
He that received seed into the good ground is he that here at the word and understandeth it, which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth some hundredfold, some sixty and some thirty.
Okay?
So let me give you the points because
Number one, lack of understanding is the reason why few seeds are chosen.
What do I mean by few seeds are chosen?
Hello?
Listen, the soil went to so plenty seeds.
Just a few were chosen to bear fruits.
The rest were discarded.
So many seeds are thrown, many calls, many opportunities, but just a few persist to bear a lot of fruits.
May you be one of those who are chosen to bear a lot of fruits.
Amen.
Those outside, can I hear an amen?
Okay.
Now, you'll be one of the seeds that will bear fruits.
Number one, lack of understanding makes few seeds to be chosen.
Sometimes only one seed is chosen.
Number two, lack of a good heart.
Luke 8.15, hear that on the good ground are they which is an honest and a good heart.
Having a good heart and an honest heart hear the word, keep it and bring forth fruit unto patience.
Number three, lack of an honest heart.
Honest heart, honesty.
Number four, lack of patience.
Bible says that on the good ground are they which in an honest and good heart
Having heard the word, keep it and bring forth fruit with patience.
Number five, deceitfulness of riches.
Riches are very deceptive.
That's why most rich people are deceived.
If you are rich, you are likely to be deceived because riches tell lies to their owners.
Number six, the cares of this world.
He says, he that received the word,
fell among thorns, arrived, and the cares of this world and the deceitfulest of which is choke the word.
So the cares of this world take away many of the seeds.
And finally, lack, tribulation and persecution, tribulation, persecution, and a lack of depth.
Because if you are deep, tribulation cannot move you.
So tribulation, persecution, and a lack of depth.
All right, so these are the seven points.
I told you I'll be fast.
Is it not fast today?
So number one is what?
Lack of understanding.
That's why we have understanding campaign.
Number two, lack of a good heart.
All right, you need to have a good heart if you're going to go with God.
Number three,
lack of an honest heart makes a lot of the seeds go away.
Because the Bible says he having a good and an honest heart brings forth fruit.
Having heard with a good and an honest heart, then he brings forth fruit.
Number five, number four, lack of patience.
He says having a good and honest heart and bring forth fruit with patience.
So you need time.
Okay, that's why a few are chosen because we don't have patience to see it through.
Ministry is a long road.
If you are not patient, you can't.
That's why you should start young.
It takes patience to see great things.
Amen.
Number six, number five, deceitfulness of riches.
When people are rich, they stop coming to church.
Yeah, so you must decide that.
No matter how much you prosper, for church, you'll be a church man.
Amen.
Number six, the cares of this world, which are not sins of this world, just normal responsibilities.
That's why a lot of good people don't work for God.
They're just good.
They have children, family life.
They are very decent.
They can't leave their children at home.
they can't do this, they can't do that, they have to go for violin lessons, they have to take their child to orchestra classes, they have to go for swimming, this, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, dum, and then finish.
All right?
Number seven, tribulation, persecution, and the lack of depth.
It says these having no root in themselves.
Do you see?
So this is the reason why
A lot of people, alright, do not bear fruit and do not survive.
Many seeds are thrown in there and just these four became something.
And it's the same principle with, what do you call it?
Even with spans.
One ejaculate has as much as 40, 50,
60, 70, one male of semen, one male, not the whole thing, just one male.
As much as 80 million, sometimes 100 million.
And out of all that, only one becomes a human being.
So 90, 100 million are thrown away.
Do you see?
God is great.
And now one, this thing becomes a person.
And the rest have become water, they have thrown away, they are washed away.
Is it not amazing?
Yeah.
So let's take them, as long as we have a few minutes, let's take the points, number one, point number one, lack of understanding.
Now a person who has understanding has understanding because he knows it a little bit more.
The same thing.
So people who do masters and PhD and first degree, they all study the same thing, but one studies it
more and more repeatedly.
So he ends up understanding it better.
So sometimes when I meet medical students, sometimes we are preparing for exams.
I'm always preparing for exams with medical students.
I mean, I ask them questions because I've been a doctor for 30 years, do you see?
So I understand the things more and I can see that they are trying to remember things.
It's just what they've read and what they've memorized.
But I've also seen things and had experiences that make me understand it a little bit more.
Are you there?
So this is more real.
Now when you are in the church, you need to develop a deeper understanding.
And that is why we have the understanding campaign.
If you have an understanding, you will not throw away your position
you will not throw away your life, you will not throw away the opportunity.
You see, but when you don't have understanding, you are more reactionary.
Uyedebo calls it reactions.
I was reading a book that he wrote and he was saying that people have reactions, reactions to things and that is why they break away.
Yes, I was really surprised.
He was talking about reactions and that people react
to things and that is what makes them break away churches and all these, he called it a break away syndrome that we have is reactions, sometimes to discipline, order, decisions and so I can't take this.
So reactions, you get it.
But sometimes you wouldn't have that reaction.
Like for instance, in our toilets, we have to have a toilet
cleaner who sits in the toilet on Sundays, throughout the sense when people are coming to toilet, you'll be there with them.
Whatever noise is coming from the toilet, you enjoy it.
And when they come out of the toilet, you are there, you go in, you clean, you help to clean it and bring it back.
But now some of you may say, oh, they don't respect us.
That is why when we came to the check, they have sent us to the toilet and then they don't even pay us.
It's because, number one,
You've never traveled before.
Because if you travel abroad, you see that every toilet has a cleaner.
That's his office.
Sometimes they will tell you, welcome to my office.
Yes, welcome to my office.
And they are there cleaning Amsterdam, New York, everywhere.
There's nothing like a toilet that is just there.
People should wear and use it.
There's nothing like that.
But you see, you understand it because you have been traveled before.
You are not broad enough in your knowledge and your understanding.
And sometimes when you haven't been to school and somebody sends you, you feel that he doesn't respect you.
I'm tired of these jobs that you keep sending me to do.
I'm tired of that.
Will you send this person to do it?
Will you ask this person to do it?
So sometimes you can get a graduate.
more easily to do certain jobs than a person who has not been to school.
When he has not been to school, he sees it as you don't respect him.
Whereas a person who is educated says, oh, it's an honor for me to clean the church toilet.
Thank you, Jesus.
You will not even get food.
Honor pose.
It's unaporific to be asked to clean the church toilet.
So you don't have an understanding heart.
Anytime I'm correcting somebody, I'm rebuking somebody who lacks understanding.
I just look at them and say, this person, he can have a wrong reaction.
Yeah.
So I'm always gauging the level of understanding.
So sometimes when somebody lacks understanding, like a horse, you know, when a horse does something wrong, you don't,
He lacks, a mule lacks understanding.
So you don't even say anything.
Yes.
That's the word ass is from donkey ass.
You don't understand things.
The Bible says do not be like a horse, which cannot, he cannot understand.
Only brute force.
Yes.
Some 32 verse nine.
Be not as the horse.
or as the mule, which have no understanding, whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle, lest they come near and to thee.
Are you like a horse without understanding?
Now, one day I was riding one of my father's horses and I was holding a whip.
I shouldn't have held the whip
the way I held it, I think.
I don't remember how it happened, but I think it was the whip.
It was a normal short whip for horse racing.
And I think the horse saw it in the corner of his eye.
My goodness.
It's not these donkey horses you see around.
I'm talking of race horses with muscles.
And the horse took off with me on board.
speed put my scripture on it took me and now I was pulling the horse and we were now going like a bullet and we were on the beach it will go into the water come out at top speed we were going to the castle you know the why they said they're going to do marine drive hmm marine drive
That beach, why are you laughing?
You laugh at all things.
I don't understand your laughter.
So that beach, and we were going to the castle, and the horse was just going.
Now one time it happened with some other people.
The horse ran up to the castle and there are rocks and went onto the rocks.
Yes.
It went to the water out.
You can't control it.
Somebody tried to chase and help to save me, or to save my life.
Eventually, after galloping about one mile, we came to a halt.
And then they said I should change the horse.
That horse was too dangerous, so I changed.
But I never said anything to the horse.
You don't understand all my other things that I'm saying.
You get what I'm saying?
Ask your neighbor, are you a horse that you don't understand things that
I mean, there is no understanding.
You never understand any discussion.
Never say yes.
Never say no.
Never say I understand.
Never agree.
Never tell.
Tell your neighbor, I'll never be like that horse.
Number two, I told you today was very fast.
Lack of a good heart.
In the book Art of Shepherding, we have different types of hearts.
Ask your homework, go and get that book and see the different types of lababs.
Labab is the word for heart.
Number three, lack of an honest heart, honesty.
You know, honesty is where most of us drop out of the, what do you call it?
Because honesty is first to yourself.
because I can preach to you but you never see yourself in the message.
You know one day there was a pastor who was preaching and there was a member in the church who most of the messages apply to.
You know there is a way in which most of the messages apply to only you.
So most of the messages apply to him.
Every Sunday after the preaching
This brother was one of these type of people who are expressive.
So they say they were blessed.
It was powerful and so on.
So every Sunday, he will come to the pastor and say, pastor, today's message was something else.
I know that God has touched their lives.
They are really affected by what you said.
and the pastor didn't know how to say to the brother, it is you that the preaching applies to.
And that's how most of us are.
We don't think what I am saying.
That's why I'm saying good and honest heart.
Everybody here thinks he has an honest heart.
But I would say that maybe many of us don't have honest hearts.
Many of us don't have.
If I tell you that as a lay person and as a food timer, we all have bread to eat.
We all have food to drink.
What do you have that is we don't have in life?
God has taken care of us, but people don't are not honest to say that this message applies to me.
Yes.
If I talk about moodiness, the most moody people themselves, Bishop, the things you are saying are true.
I hope they are listening.
Now, one day,
there was a terrible rainstorm.
The pastor was in church.
And do you know who came?
The brother who always comes to say that others, it was a good message for them.
So when the pastor saw him, he said, ah, today there's nobody for him to say that others tell them.
So the pastor said, today be today.
And two of my pastors have told me once where it happened to them.
Only one person came to church.
They preached, they did offering everything to the one person.
It's happened to you too.
Only one person came to church.
So this time, the pastor preached volume with all his heart.
God is saying, you are the...
When he finished, he took the offering, everything the brother gave his offering.
And after he said the grace, the brother came and said, pastor, today was something else.
If only they had come, if only they had come, they would have been transformed by this message.
So the honesty and when you face people even at meetings, they get offended.
I've had people who come for one meeting.
That's the end of them.
Just one meeting.
You say something and that is true.
They want you to prove things with evidence.
That's why all those myths, they don't change people.
When you have to prove things to people, it doesn't change people.
It is when you are honest in your heart, then you come forth with the reality.
That's why sometimes it's just good to preach and leave you to see yourself in the preaching.
If you don't see yourself in the preaching, nobody can make you have a good heart.
But they'll be sitting with you and you'll just say part.
You agree to part with evidence where there's no evidence, you'll be sitting there and your face will change.
Haven't I been at a meeting where I see people's faces have changed?
People are looking down, they are looking up, they don't see the attitude change.
For me, I take 70% of non-verbal communication, not what you say.
If you are with me, take note of that.
I read you before I listen to you because I'm used to people not accepting things.
People don't really accept it.
Confess, people don't admit, people don't, the honesty.
When I preach and I say some of the things about the girls to try to make you smell nicer.
This church, when you go to the church there will be only saying things for the sisters.
So we are wondering when they will say something for the brothers too.
That's why you shouldn't come here.
That's why you shouldn't even listen to me preaching.
Don't listen to me preaching.
Turn it off.
And don't come to this church.
Go somewhere else where they say other things.
Don't come here at all.
Don't step here at all.
Come on.
Don't come near when you see that I'm preaching.
Don't come here.
That's what I wrote in my book Beauty and the Beast in the Past.
It's not marriage counseling.
And it's not a balanced book.
I don't intend to be balanced.
That is not what I'm trying to achieve.
A balance.
Stupid.
And I didn't mention your name that you are stupid, but you are stupid.
Some of the girls like my preaching.
All the girls in the church like my preaching.
Because I've sucked all those who don't like it.
Sweet mama.
Why are you such a poor lover?
True or not true?
But people who don't have an honest heart, they'll be looking at you.
Everybody try and do your face.
Can you see my face?
One day your face will get stuck in that position.
Do you know that?
One day I went to the mortuary and I saw a dead body's face.
I said, ah, is that how the face is?
Because some people have done their face in a way until it's got stuck.
The muscles have frozen either.
So when you die, your face will be like, mm, and we will all see your face.
you are delivered from every bad face today in the name of Jesus.
Put your hand on your heart.
I need my heart to be honest.
You know that that's how this church came about.
One day I was reading my Bible and any time I read my Bible, I try to believe that it must be talking to me.
Who else is he talking to?
I'm the one reading the Bible.
Do you get what I'm saying?
I'm reading it practically and I read from my prior time I was in Revelation and he said, I have this against you because you have left your first love.
So then I said, because don't say it doesn't apply to you.
It is you.
So when I said you have left your first love, I said, you know what I told God?
What first love again?
And that time I was doing Crusades.
What love again?
Am I not loving you?
I couldn't find it, but I kept it in my heart.
And a few weeks later, it became clearer and became clearer.
And then when I said, no, return to your first love, you used to pastor people and have church and look after people.
Do it again.
That's your first love or past drinking.
This morning I've done counseling on a whole lot of people.
Yeah, you don't know.
You didn't come early.
Were you there?
Yes.
I officiate weddings again.
I stop officiating.
I like officiating.
If I know you, I like officiating your wedding.
Once I know you.
If I don't know you, I don't know what.
I might as well be officiating the stranger's wedding.
I don't know.
So I am back to my first love.
Recently again, the Lord told me I was in revelation again.
And I read this same scripture.
And I was waiting to see what the Holy Spirit to say.
Then he said it again, return to your first love.
I said, hey babe.
Which first love again is this?
You see, you need an honest heart when you are dealing with God.
If you are not honest with yourself, you can't move forward because nobody can change your mind with evidence and with proof.
Meetings, meetings, but you still don't believe that it's you.
One day, shall I tell you a story?
One day, one of our
pastest was going to work, do a prison ministry.
I think it was in England.
So he went to the prison.
So they allowed him.
And then before he went, I don't know whether it's a pastor or but was going to prison and they told him, do you understand prison's ministry?
He said, I, I, I was preaching.
He said, no, you have to understand something about the prison.
He said, what is it?
He said, learn number one that everybody here believes he's not guilty.
Every body, every human being in the prison believes that he doesn't have to be there.
Even those with every evidence, they say, I didn't do it.
That's the nature of man.
We never admit things.
A good and an honest heart is one of the main characteristics that will let God use you.
As soon as you're not honest in your heart, his word just bounces off.
Have you seen Jackie Chan?
He blocked.
You can't get to him.
Even when you're coming from the back, he'll do something else.
As if he can see with his back.
Is it not amazing?
Yeah.
See that we are blocking every message.
Stopping everything.
Let your heart, put your hand on your heart.
Say, Lord, I want to change.
Now, can I show you a sign that you don't have an honest heart?
Yes.
Long meetings.
Long discussions.
Marital arguments.
I said this, but you said that.
And I told you that this, and then it goes on for three days.
Somebody's not honest.
You want a referee to come and say, prayer is your fault.
Prayer Lord, today is your fault.
And there is nothing like that.
It's not easy to have a referee in the house.
Okay, I've finished.
Look, I'm supposed to leave.
Number, give me the points.
Lack of patience.
Do you know that in about 13 years time, I'll be 70 years old?
Yeah.
I mean, think about it.
Huh?
70, he won't say he's 70.
Does it sound nice to you?
You see, the reality is that we've been doing this for some time.
Yes.
You've been doing it for so, it takes time.
That's why you must start now and persist.
People don't pray for it because there's no patience.
Hebrews 612 says we should be followers of those who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
Faith, not only faith, patience.
Give it some time.
Learn how to wait and become.
Learn how to, you matters when learn from a snake.
Yes.
One day, somebody caught a big python and put a camera on the head of the python.
He put a camera on the top of the head and released it.
The python is like from here to here.
It's about here.
And they put a camera to see what it would do.
Do you know what it did?
It was moving through the grass.
then it came to water, then it went into the water and went under.
That's why when a crocodile comes and tells you that there's a snake under, you have to believe it, because he's from under the water.
So the snake went under the water and the snake was under the water.
And they were watching, the camera was transmitting.
So the snake would come out like this and watch those who come to drink.
Do you know how long the snake stayed in the water?
Two weeks.
He was there for two weeks.
People were coming to drink, going and he would just come up like this and watch them.
Then he would go back and rest.
Then he would come back.
Two weeks he was watching.
Patience.
The more you rest and the more you wait, you will see the victory.
After two weeks, this snake which has been sleeping in the water
He saw an antelope coming to drink.
He was alone.
A big antelope.
And as the antelope was drinking, drinking, suddenly the python jumped out.
That's why we pray against these things and took hold of the antelope and wrapped himself around whatever has wrapped itself around you.
It's coming off today in Jesus' name.
Now he squeezed
The antelope like a hub of love, whatever is love but is telling to kill you is breaking today in the name of Jesus.
So it's squeezed and every time the antelope tries to breathe in and breathe out a bit more, a bit more, a bit more until he squeeze him with love whatever you have loved that is killing you.
In Jesus' name it's over.
until he squeezed the antelope and he couldn't breathe anymore.
Then he swallowed the whole antelope, the horns, the hooves, the intestine, the fur, the skin.
Snake doesn't waste anything.
That's why they are survivors.
You have been wasting, you throw away half of your kenke and you want to be rich.
You should have eaten it.
You don't eat your kenke leaves.
If you were a snake, you would have eaten the kenke leaves.
Hey.
So two weeks of patient waiting, I see you becoming patient and able to have the victory in the name of Jesus.
Number five, the deceitfulness of riches.
Yes.
From today, whatever promotion you have, it will not deceive you.
Sometimes even when you have a little bit of elevation, it deceives you.
Yes.
That's why, what's her name?
Miriam.
Miriam and Aaron.
That's why they criticized Moses.
Because they were not, you see Moses was not the head of state.
And God told him, see I have made you a God unto Pharaoh.
Moses had become like a God.
But Miriam and Aaron, they were close.
So they thought they could just say whatever they wanted to say.
But when they spoke,
She got sick.
Yeah.
Sometimes your riches in your position, in what God has given you, sometimes in your closeness.
You see, that's why I teach you honor your prophet.
Because when we are, if you are close to me, we realize that you stop, you stop respecting me.
That's why family people, they don't respect many times.
Family.
Family people rather don't respect.
Are you there?
Yeah.
So be careful of whatever God seems to have blessed you with.
The riches, then the cares of the world.
Wow.
Our responsibilities.
Whatever responsibility you have that is keeping you from serving God.
Don't believe it too.
After you solve it, it will still be there.
I've never seen anybody who has grown out of responsibilities.
I still have responsibilities.
From the time I married till today, I'm still looking after children.
Huh?
Did you hear what I said?
I said, from the time that I had a beloved and I married up to today, I'm still looking after children.
Yes and yes, Goba, you never finish looking after.
Even when they marry, you still be looking after them.
My mother told me some, she said that the children never go away.
That's what my mother told me.
She said, you always be caring for them.
Children never go away.
Yes, you would think he's married and so what?
It's still your child.
It's still your responsibility.
When my children were in primary school, I was always concerned when they come and say, what rank are you?
18th.
I'm not saying it was Joshua, but some of them, 18.
18.
And I used to look and say, when will my child be in the first 10?
When will it happen?
And other people's children were first.
Jude Saki and others, they were first.
Joel and Co, they were first.
your children are 18.
21st.
25th.
So, yes, it never goes.
So, if you follow that, you always make a mistake.
Yeah.
We don't follow that if you want to serve God.
Never.
Children, house, this, that, it doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It will be with you always.
Those who are full-time, those who are late, we are all having responsibilities up to today.
It just never goes away.
And you would think that, oh, my child is going to have a wedding.
So they should find money to go and do engagement.
Before you realize it has come back to you.
It has come back to you.
Because a lot of the people who come to the wedding are the friends of the parents.
So then the parents rise up and say, Charlie, look, this grace is coming.
So you have to step in.
Otherwise, it will be a disgrace.
So don't believe the devil when he tells you, these responsibilities, just follow it and don't serve God.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not a sin, but it's a care.
Yeah.
If you follow that, you will do nothing.
we will always be inundated with cares of the world.
And finally, number seven, tribulation, persecution.
Are you ready for trouble?
It will be hard we know.
And the road will be muddy and rough but we'll get there.
We know we will.
We are going.
Heaven knows where we are going.
We know we will.
We will get there.
Heaven knows how we will get there.
taken he said he used to stay in a cabin with holes if you know what winter is and he used here and his wife used to use newspaper to block the holes for the cold his wife didn't have man his wife used to borrow dresses to go for a convention to go and borrow a dress wear it and take it back to the owner he didn't have anything it would be hard it would be hard
The road will be muddy and rough.
There are many troubles.
Sometimes I look at my face in the mirror.
I just look at my face.
I'm wondering whether people can see my troubles on my face.
Hey.
Sometimes I look at my face and I feel like somebody with a lot of... Have you seen that thing?
Darts.
Darts and arrows all over.
Blood everywhere.
Yes.
It's hard.
It's not easy.
You see things, different things at different stages.
It will be hard.
That's why Jesus uses his scars.
He doesn't use necklaces.
Scars.
Those are the most treasured things.
The scars of each event.
When they nailed him, he had the scars.
When they whipped him, he has the scars.
He has the scars for everything.
Scars of life.
To be hard, but we will get there.
Whatever you are going through and whatever place you get through, remember that they see the call.
It's a precious seed.
Don't let anything take that seed out of you.
Yes.
Don't let anything take the seed of the call out of your life.
It should be hard.
Kenneth Hagan used to use this expression.
He said, don't expect to float through life on pink clouds of ease.
Okay.
Yes.
Don't expect to float through life on pink clouds of ease.
There's nothing like floating.
There's many things, many things, many things.
One day I had a pastor talking, he said, if you have 10 things, I have a thousand things.
Difficulties and struggles.
It will be hard.
It will be hard, we know.
And the road will be hard.
There will be sad days.
There will be hard days.
There will be difficult seasons.
There will be painful time, pain.
Last is part of the calling.
You can't go through without it.
If you've been around for some time, you know what I'm talking about.
Your seed will not die in you.
In the end it will break through and there will be a mighty tree in Jesus' name.
Why few seeds are chosen?
Stand to your feet.
Hallelujah.
Father, thank you for this great opportunity.
We give you praise.
We give you thanks.
In Jesus' name.
As every head is bowed and every eye closed, if you want to give your life to Jesus, raise your hand now.
I want to give my heart to God.
I want to be saved.
I want to change.
If you are here like that, lift your right hand like this up high.
God bless you.
Maybe you are listening by radio.
You want to give your life to Jesus.
Also lift your hand wherever you are.
And if you've lifted your hand, come with your hand up like this.
Come to me here.
I'm going to pray with you right now.
Come on my friend.
Give your life to God.
Come to Jesus.
Give him.
Give him your life.
Lift your hand and say this prayer now.
Jesus, I can't hear you.
Say Jesus, forgive me for my sins.
I give my life to you.
Forgive me Lord Jesus.
Wash me with the blood of Jesus.
I open my heart and I receive Jesus as my savior and my Lord.
Please write my name in the book of life.
Please write my name.
in the book of life.
From today, I'm a child of God and I'm born again.
Thank you, Lord, for saving me today in the name of Jesus.
I love you, Lord.
I will serve you.
Say, I will serve you.
I will follow you, Lord Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
I want to give you one of my books.
And this is a special gift.
When we close, all of you, hello, hello, hello, all of you, when we close, come to the salvation corner where they are waving their hand over there.
God bless you.
Okay.
If you are holding this book, it's your ticket for that meeting.
God bless you.
You may be seated and everyone may be seated.
It's time for communion.
for you.
Drink, this is my blood, which was shed for you.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life.
For my flesh is meat indeed and my blood is drinking
Exodus 11 verse one and the Lord said unto Moses, yet will I bring one more plague upon Pharaoh and upon Egypt.
After that, he will let you go hence and when he shall let you go, he shall
Today, the one more plague, one more judgment against the enemy that will silence him as Pharaoh was silenced.
Pharaoh has been sitting in his house issuing instructions for torture.
But one last plague, the blood, and the end of Pharaoh has come in your life.
Whoever is issuing instructions for your unhappiness,
for your torture, for your sicknesses, for your judgment, for wickedness against your life.
One more plague.
I said, one more plague.
Stand to your feet everybody.
Father, thank you as we come before the body of Jesus Christ and the blood.
Let one more plague descend upon the enemies of God, the enemies of the people of God, and the enemies of those
of your of your servant.
Those who say I will never let them be free.
We thank you for freedom today by the body and the blood of Jesus Christ.
The body of Jesus Christ.
Now, this is the blood of Jesus.
When I see the blood, I will pass over.
Any form of judgment that you are due, you are due because of this blood, you are going to escape that judgment.
Amen.
And as we pray over it, we know that it turns into the blood of Jesus.
As we receive it, we thank you for divine escapes, divine mercy, and divine exemption from any judgment that we are due.
That should happen to us.
Thank you for the blood.
That speaks better things than that of Abel, the blood of Jesus Christ.
Now, let your hands for your blessing.
May the Lord shine a bright light over you.
Amen.
May your way be bright and clear.
Every confusion in your life, I punish it today.
Amen.
Every uncertainty in your life, I clear it out today.
whatever represents a horn, a horn of the enemy that is piercing you, threatening you, I bring it to an end now in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
You will not suffer a premature death.
You will not suffer a premature demotion.
You will not suffer a calamity.
You must not suffer.
Whatever represents a satanic upheaval in your life.
I rebuke it today in the name of Jesus.
By the blood of the lamb that
May you be rescued from the claws of the dragon and from the mouth of the snake and from the jaws of the lion and from the jaws of the dragon and the alligator.
By the blood of the lamb, let the plague of God come upon the enemies of God and the enemies of the servants of God.
In the name of Jesus, let me hear your loudest amen.
Receive divine promotions.
Let's say I receive it.
Receive divine exemption.
Receive divine escapes.
Receive divine deliverance.
I declare you an SKP.
I say I declare you an SKP.
You are an SKP.
You are escaped from the claws and the clutches of Satan.
In the name of Jesus.
I see the head of a serpent.
May the head of the serpent be crushed in front of you.
You never suffer loss.
Whatever represents loss, loss in your life.
I hear the word loss.
Whatever represents a loss in your life.
Let the angel of the Lord be sent and assigned to recover everything back.
In the name of Jesus.
Receive divine recovery.
There is somebody here.
You are like Joseph.
who was sent to prison in Potiphar's house.
From Potiphar's house, you are sent to prison and you are discouraged.
That says the Lord.
After the prison, you will receive a call.
And by that call, you will escape all types of prisons into which you have fallen.
without intending to fall into it.
In the name of Jesus.
I declare you an escapist.
You are released.
And you are blessed.
In Jesus mighty name.
And everyone shouted amen.
God bless you.